The chromatic scale provides the notes and indices to derive all other scales.

All other scales are represented as a list of indices that are hardcoded into the program. 

    These indices are used in tandem with a user defined starting point to iterate through the chromatic scale and return the correct notes from the desired scale.

All standard chords are represented as a list of indices that are hardcoded into the program. 

    These indices are used in tandem with a user defined starting point to iterate through the desired scale and return the correct notes from the desired chord.

The indices for the standard scales are relative to the chromatic scale, and the indices for the standard chords are relative to the desired scales.

Preserving the integer class type of a number allows for the application of arithmetic in the main body of functions.

However, as all functions are called by a display formatting functions, these functions can also cast the integers to strings before the result of each function is displayed.

The decision has been made to generate fresh fretboard representations for each chord configuration, rather than generate a single fretboard representation and continuously manipulate it.

Remember that it is common best practice in computer programming to separate out logic, such as data generation and processing, from output, such as rendering and display.



fretboard_patterns_app or Fretbored, or something like that.

	The app is a simple fretboard visualisation, that challenges the user to do two things, or two variations of the same thing:

		Given a chord name:
		
			Place the correct notes on the fretboard.
			
		Given a chord diagram:
		
			Write the correct chord name.
			
	Fretbored means that it can be easily picked up and put down again during the little gaps in the user's day.
			
	Target audience:
	
		Beginner to intermediate, or anyone with gaps in their knowledge of music theory.
		
		Players of stringed instruments.
			
	It must be simple:
	
		A plain visualisation
		
		A learning resource with an optional competitive edge.
		
	
			
	Scope for further development:
	
		Difficulty levels, incorporating a timer and increasing chord complexity.
			
		Accurate note audio for when a note is pressed by the user.
		
		Accessible chord library containing all chord variations.
		
		Visual breakdown of each chord and its construction.

		Customisable fretboard, incorporating different tunings, and different numbers of strings.
	


The user can hold their phone as if it were the neck of a guitar, and the chord diagrams can respond to the user's fingertips, as if it were a real guitar.
